spindump: add page (#22346)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/osx/spindump.md

# spindump

> Profile entire system during a time interval.
> Used for normal application force quits to display a dialog offering details and the option to report to Apple.
> More information: <https://keith.github.io/xcode-man-pages/spindump.8.html>.

- Sample all processes for 10 seconds with 10 milliseconds of run time between samples:

`sudo spindump`

- Prioritize specified process in output with optional sampling duration and sample interval:

> `sudo spindump {{pid|partial_name}} {{sampling_duration_seconds}} {{sampling_interval_milliseconds}}`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Profile a specific process for a custom duration and interval:

`sudo spindump {{pid|partial_name}} {{duration_seconds}} {{interval_milliseconds}}`
```

Reviewer: This example could be made a little shorter and easier to understand.

Author: > This example could be made a little shorter and easier to understand.

It was hard to determine how to succinctly get across *exactly* what it's doing when you specify the pid/partial name, but phrasing it as "profile a specific process" implies to me that it's *only* profiling that specific process -- it's just sorting it topmost in the output. In the **ARGUMENTS** section of the [current man page](https://keith.github.io/xcode-man-pages/spindump.8.html), it has:

**pid** or **partial-name** the process to be sorted topmost in the report. "--notarget" may be used to avoid providing a target process when specifying a duration and interval.

Would "Sort a specific process topmost for a custom duration and interval" work?

Reviewer: You are absolutely right! Thanks for catching that nuance

```suggestion
- Sort a specific process topmost for a custom duration and interval:

`sudo spindump {{pid|partial_name}} {{duration_seconds}} {{interval_milliseconds}}`
```
